[Autogenerated] in this little look at your options when accident windows.
When we're done using our device,
there's usually a few ways we can actually exit from one notes.
The best choice for us will be determined by a few different factors,
like security and power settings.
To see your options for X and windows,
you can select the start button and then power.
Depending on your device,
you'll see options like sleep shut down and restart Occasionally.
You'll see variations on this that will let you know that there's
pending Windows updates that are awaiting a restart.
In that case, you'll see update and shut down and update and restart.
Occasionally.
I'll see issues with sound or applications not working correctly,
and sometimes I find that it's just a matter of there's a
pending update that needs a reboot, and then my devices fine again.
So it's a good idea to check this every now and then.
If you're having some issues.
Most Windows updates are able to be performed
without any reboot being requiring,
and it's not unusual for a computer tablet to be powered up for
many days or even weeks without an actual reboot.
But if you do start to experience issues with performance.
Selecting restart could be a good option to reset everything.
This will make sure any open applications have been closed,
and it resets most service's and processes that might be tying up.
Resource is now.
If you won't be using your device for several hours or even days,
Shutting down is a good option.
Devices running Windows 10 tend to be more energy efficient.
It's often better to just let them sleep.
This gonna lot updates to be performed and reboots to be dining off hours.
And your advice will just need to be woken up the next time you need to
use the device certainly faster than putting up cold.
Another factor to consider when choosing between shut
down and sleep is battery life.
If you're on a battery powered device shutting down, we'll use no power at all.
While sleep does use minimal power,
and it will continue to slowly drain your battery by default on Windows 10.
Device asleep will also occur automatically if the devices
left undisturbed after a set period of time.
Usually this is set to 15 year, 30 minutes,
although sometimes you could have your set to a matter of hours,
or you could have it actually set to never go to sleep.
Open up the settings out and then select system and finally power and
sleep to see your current settings regarding sleep.
Another way to exit windows is to sign out or lock your device.
Select the start button again and then select your account.
You'll generally see options here to sign out and lock.
Sign out will close all of your open applications and will require you
to sign back in if you need to use the device again.
This is a good option when you're using a shared
device and you're done with the device.
For now, lock will leave your applications open,
but the device will require you to sign back in again to resume your session.
This is a good option if you're leaving your device
unattended for a few minutes or more.
I always recommend that you use an account with a password, even in your home.
While I appreciate it's easier and a secure environment to just start up you
device and not have the hassle of signing in there just too many unforeseen
ways that our privacy could be compromised Weatherby by a child or a guest in
the home or a home burglary and other clips.
We're gonna look more at security and some of the settings that could be used
to enhance the default security settings on your device.
In this clip, we've looked at options related to exiting windows. Thanks for watching and look forward to see new in the next clip.